1.  Common job posting platforms: LinkedIn, Indeed, Glassdoor, Zip Recruiter LinkedIn has some really good tools for LinkedIn Premium to be able to compare yourself to other candidates who also applied to the same job. You can also reach out to the job poster directly. Indeed, Glassdoor, Zip Recruiter are all decently fine as well. Some job search techniques I do is: Typing in a certain skill or job title into the search bar. Examples might be: hardware engineer, PCB design, embedded software engineer, Verilog, cloud engineer, Python, C++, and so forth. On LinkedIn, in the people search, I type in the job position that I’m looking for and the city in the location filter. This will help you see who works at what company so that you can search for that same company to see if they have any job postings either on their website or LinkedIn/Indeed/Glassdoor/Zip Recruiter Outside of job boards via aforementioned companies, there’s some techniques I use to find the job you’re looking for: On Google Maps, I zoom into a particular area of interest and I type in the type of company I’m looking for. Example: Electronics manufacturer/consulting/design house On Google’s home page, I type in the same thing but also the city location or state/province ChatGPT and Gemini can provide some decent help if you ask it to make a list of the types of companies you’re looking for and the location you’re interested in. You can also search for companies that are similar to another company. Sometimes it provides a short list so you will have to ask for more companies. Sometimes it hallucinates and it either gets hypothetical and says Company X “could” do what you’re asking about or sometimes Company X is in another location. This is all advice without networking. Networking is a really good way to get your foot into the door to some companies. Some advice on networking include: Consider your friend’s or university classmates’ employers as your next company to work for. On LinkedIn, try to see if a particular company has people who may have a mutual connection with someone you know. Look for particular conferences, expos, seminars, (either in person or online), trade shows, etc. in your area. This is a really good way to network with professionals from various companies. Consider previous suppliers, customers, etc. that you worked with as your next company to work for. Knowing those people can help. Some things to avoid when looking for a job: Try to avoid headhunters or other third party representatives for a company unless they are explicitly hired by said company. You won’t really know until you apply to the job they’re advertising. Tailor your resume to each particular company with its particular job descriptions, responsibilities, and requirements. Applying to multiple jobs using the same exact resume can make your job application too vague and the recruiter will likely discard your job application. Do not panic and rush your job application. Doing so can ruin your opportunity to get a job interview that you could have otherwise been qualify for. Apply to jobs that you know that you have absolute confidence that you can do well and are qualified for. It would be a waste of both your time and the employer’s time to have an interview and you do poorly on because you don’t know a lot about the job position. (https://discord.com/channels/694859291680702495/694859292456517674/1471011141739089960)